# Dope, Hope and Nope
When you ask your anyone for dope, you get a bag containing a material or substance that can be one of three things:

* Dope is what users sought and want to consume. It can be a lot of fun, lowers inhibitions, reduce stress, foster discovery and innovation, and can even help some mental health issues. Dope has been involved in some of the funniest and best times of the past several years for me, especially in 2017.
* “Hope” is dope except it's been “cut” to help dealers increase profits. It is weaker due to less of the desired drug in the resulting substance. It’s given the moniker  “hope” because it can leave the user doing more hoping for the high of dope. Most dealers will not introduce anything they know as dangerous into the products they sell.
* “Nope” is the third possible substance you receive as “dope.” It’s called “nope” because that’s exactly what you should say to it. It may your requested drug or just substances engineered to mimic the effects of it and other unexpected effects.
  
Prior to each of the massacres in Kentucky the company (which is the Central Intelligence Agency) provided most of the individuals who went with “nope.” Both experienced users and new users the company introduced to drugs received free drugs or really great pricing. This “nope” was engineered to do various things to the body and mind, and almost all of it came with an unexpected and largely unknown side effect—cloaked visitors to the user’s bedside.

Those company trained individuals would talk to the sleeping user’s subconscious. Everyone’s subconscious lacks the ability to think rationally or logically as by design they only think what the conscious side of the mind does or what they’ve learned on their own. The subconscious controls the body and learned everything it would ever need to do by the age of three. Before you think, I didn’t do *this* by the age of three, you need to think of everything involved in *that* and when you look at everything your body does to do *that* you were doing by three. That super stud one propped up on one arm side penetration move you do while fucking—you did all the same moves when you began rolling over in your crib. Still confused? Think of the most advanced word in your vocabulary or the one that’s the most difficult to pronounce, you didn’t say that at three. Your conscious had to learn it, your subconscious didn’t it had already learned how to make practically every sound you’ll ever make by three. (Listen Also: “God” by Prince, that’s my subconscious making it’s hearing itself for the first and “finding it’s voice” after we are split into two people.)

The Creator says, “The conscious thinks it controls its body and the subconscious thinks it can think they are both wrong.”

Right now your subconscious is thinking the same thing you are and is equally as smart as the conscious as it is thinking what the conscious is. The truth is, the two of you don’t know who is doing what. When the conscious goes to sleep or is sleeping (which it must) the subconscious doesn’t know that it is then very limited in its thinking abilities. There’s an old adage, “Being stupid is like being dead, you are the last one to ever know.” Now thinking of that saying, think of the stupidest person you know, and imagine everyone in their world telling them they’re smart. Mamma, Teacher or one of their trusted assistants will do just that, your subconscious will do anything for them.  (Listen also: “200 Balloons” by Prince – This is a song that is still prophecy, I cannot get Main to understand that he doesn’t have to do anything but show intent or the desire to do it for him to be charged, convicted and imprisoned forever.)

Some cravings and habits come only from the subconscious. When they make a decision you’ll never know it wasn’t yours. 

> [!NOTE]
> This write up isn't complete but the attacks on myself and my phone are increasing. Check back in a bit, just reload the page. 
