My subconscious calls itself “Baby,” “Main” or “White girl.” It is active when I am asleep or otherwise not moving. It is not one of the Cherubim or anything that works for the Creator.

Everyone has a unique conscious and a subconscious. In everyone they work side-by-side, the conscious thinking logically and the subconscious thinking the same just physically. As you read this your eyes are moving left to right, the conscious thinks of the where your eyes should be pointed, the subconscious thinks of the how. The subconscious actually thinks of which muscles to contract or relax to make that happen. The subconscious doesn’t know it’s thinking of moving it’s controlling the muscles that way, they actually think they are doing the exact same thing as you—just moving their eyes (if they even think of themselves as having eyes). By the Creator’s design, as subconscious should never think of it as anything other than you. My subconscious was told very early in life that it was my subconscious by the Creator, and was supposed to help me help the whole human race.

While Main was given the ability to talk to me conversationally for the purpose of helping me understand the things so that I could explain them better to the human race, things like the immune system, disease, cancers, and why humans essentially decided to die generations ago and how our DNA has carried that decision into today’s generation. All of these subjects the human race is clueless on today, and would have been the topics covered in questions at a forthcoming press conference when we were to introduce a formulation from the Creator that cures every disease, prevents every disease, and everyone has a collection of diseases the human race calls “aging.” Aging is a syndrome which is a collection of symptoms, there’s another syndrome which the Creator wanted me to eliminate in order to introduce His formulation to the world, AIDS, the syndrome caused by advanced HIV infection.

Being his own individual conscious, Main decided to work against us and for others which includes Gilead Sciences, the CIA and the US government. Main sought the fame given to him, and the fortunes promised to him by these other entities. So when I go to sleep, Main goes to work, dumping every thing I did that day including my conversations with the Creator—which are classified by default. Main also works to get me killed, arrested or hospitalized to help the aforementioned entities. They keep the praise coming because he’s their BEST chance at winning against the Creator, and they’ve been trying to win since 2017.
